Europa Universalis 4 Wiki:Work needed
=====================================

From Europa Universalis 4 Wiki

[Jump to navigation](#mw-sidebar-button) [Jump to search](#searchInput)

// Define dataLayer and the gtag function. window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || \[\]; function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); } // Default consent to denied. gtag("consent", "default", { analytics\_storage: "denied", functionality\_storage: "denied", security\_storage: "denied", personalization\_storage: "denied", ad\_storage: "denied", wait\_for\_update: "500", }); function OptanonWrapper() {}

There's always a number of things that can be improved on the wiki. This is intended as a non-exhaustive list of things that need to be done in order to point editors that don't know what to edit in a useful direction. Everybody is welcome to edit this wiki; if you decide to contribute, please follow the [style guidelines](/Europa_Universalis_4_Wiki:Style "Europa Universalis 4 Wiki:Style").

Contents
--------

*   [1 Priorities](#Priorities)
    *   [1.1 Work needed for version 1.35](#Work_needed_for_version_1.35)
    *   [1.2 Work needed for version 1.34](#Work_needed_for_version_1.34)
        *   [1.2.1 low priority work needed for version 1.34](#low_priority_work_needed_for_version_1.34)
    *   [1.3 Game specific](#Game_specific)
    *   [1.4 Modding specific](#Modding_specific)
    *   [1.5 General](#General)
*   [2 Ongoing tasks](#Ongoing_tasks)
    *   [2.1 Authorial/content generation](#Authorial.2Fcontent_generation)
    *   [2.2 Editorial](#Editorial)
    *   [2.3 Administrative](#Administrative)

Priorities
----------

### Work needed for version 1.35

ToDo Cliffnotes :

*   Parliament
    *   add all the new debates and bribes
*   2 new estates
    *   Privileges have been added, rest still needed
*   Estate privileges and agendas
    *   Old privileges have been updated, new ones have been added, needs tons of polish
*   National ideas (legitimacy etc.)
    *   All ideas that give only legitimacy now give the other government powers aswell
    *   also check if some idea sets that were mentioned in the DDs have been changed
*   Disasters
    *   Update the old ones (english civil war, janissary coup)
    *   Add missing information to the new ones (Turkish internal power struggle, eunuchs)
*   New Tradenode Setup
    *   Trade flow has changed
*   new colonial region setup
    *   State setup has changed
*   4 New Subjects
    *   need more details (see the local files)
*   Missions
*   Prussian militarization (and its interactions with forming germany)
*   Personalities
    *   Tons of new ones, some unique
*   New units (artillery etc.)
*   pips
    *   rebalancing?
*   Decisions
*   Events
*   ideas
*   CBs
*   Peace treaties (annex tribe, eyalet etc)
*   new tags
    *   need pages
*   province triggered modifiers (sarai)
*   upload tons of images
*   New diplomatic action
    *   Buy/Sell modern Ideas for Russia?
*   The game now differenciates between a "polish election" and a "ruler election" it might be useful to note this distinction somehow on the wiki and specify all events/decision etc. what type of election they mean
*   New Religious aspects for protestants?
*   maybe add the Emperor of china to the Main page under "Extra"
*   add everything about "max effect absolutism" to the absolutism page

### Work needed for version 1.34

Many things still need to be done. Please update this list when finishing a task.

*   add Lions of the North to the expansion-template at the top of all section and pages which give features which are (also) unlocked by this DLC
*   go through all the changes in /Europa Universalis IV/common/on\_actions/00\_on\_actions.txt and add them to the wiki if necessary
*   go through all the changes in /Europa Universalis IV/common/defines.lua and add them to the wiki if necessary
*   update all changed decisions. [this page](/User:Grotaclas/pdxparse/1.34_changed_decisions "User:Grotaclas/pdxparse/1.34 changed decisions") shows the difference in wikisource (it is autogenerated, so it doesn't exactly match how the actual wikisource of the events)

#### low priority work needed for version 1.34

*   many estate agendas were changed in small ways and need to be updated [\[1\]](#cite_note-1)
*   add the conditions which some diplomatic actions gained in common/diplomatic\_actions/00\_diplomatic\_actions.txt to their respective articles
*   the distance calculation for colonial range has changed, so strategy guides which mention that owning certain provinces gives range to reach certain other provinces have to be checked if that's still true(and if maybe further away provinces can be reached). For example the distance from Ireland to North America has decreased, but some distances in the southern indian and pacific oceans seem to have increased
*   rewrite all the events, missions and decisions which have the [Category:Computer generated](/Category:Computer_generated "Category:Computer generated") to make them more compact and easier to understand
*   Polish the page that explains the Livonian Government Building Process
*   Explain this part of the 1.34 patch : "Regiments that reach 0 strength or 0 morale during battle will now retreat immediately."
*   update the [trade nodes](/Trade_nodes "Trade nodes") map with the new connection between siam and canton
*   The pages of nations that got new content with Lions of the North need rewriting

### Game specific

*   Find out more about attitudes and improve the [attitudes](/Attitudes "Attitudes") page
*   Improve the [beginner's guide](/Beginner%27s_guide "Beginner's guide")
*   Guides for all hard, very hard and insane [achievements](/Achievements "Achievements")
*   Design a proper layout for the images in [Category:Unit\_packs](/Category:Unit_packs "Category:Unit packs").
*   Rewrite (and update) of [military leader](/Military_leader "Military leader") page
*   Explain how Units get to the Front/Back row in Battles
*   Create new screenshots for the [Production#Example](/Production#Example "Production") so that they are all for the same situation and then update the example to match the screenshots. Ideally the province has a manufactory, some autonomy, at least one goods produced modifier and at least one production efficiency modifier
*   describe how the great peasants war works and how it can be ended, especially how the GPW\_counting\_variable can be changed(this has to be tested in game to make sure that information from the game files is accurate and that the AI doesn't switch in and out of the peasant republic reform after their government was changed in a war)
*   better explain how [imperial incidents](/Imperial_incident "Imperial incident") work, especially how the incident events correlate with the options that are visible in the HRE interface if the emperor DLC is active.
*   Several [Map Modes](/Map#Map_Modes "Map") to be added to the Legend table.
*   Check if the effects of all rebels are correct(pagan rebels were already done)
*   Merge [Envoy#Missionary](/Envoy#Missionary "Envoy") with [Religion#Missionaries](/Religion#Missionaries "Religion"). The information should be structured by religion like in [Envoy#Missionary](/Envoy#Missionary "Envoy"), but it needs more icons like in [Religion#Missionaries](/Religion#Missionaries "Religion"). Afterwards one article can transclude the section from the other one, so that the information can be kept uptodate in one place.
*   Most Super - Region pages could probably use some polish
*   add cross-links
*   Now that there are 6 government reforms that get access to [Militarization](/Militarization "Militarization"), it maybe needs its own page
*   Figure out what to do about heresys
*   polish the [Primitives](/Primitives "Primitives") page
*   create a Bonustable for Modifiers that increase Monthly Power (not Monrach skill), like the PLC national ideas, and add it to the [Mana](/Mana "Mana") page
*   create a Page that explains the entire process of the revolution and its mechanics in one place
*   add information about the unit packs from origins and lions of the north to [Downloadable content 2#Cosmetic\_packs](/Downloadable_content_2#Cosmetic_packs "Downloadable content 2")

### Modding specific

*   [Nation designer modding](/index.php?title=Nation_designer_modding&action=edit&redlink=1 "Nation designer modding (page does not exist)")
*   [Holy Roman Empire modding](/Holy_Roman_Empire_modding "Holy Roman Empire modding")
*   [Particle modding](/index.php?title=Particle_modding&action=edit&redlink=1 "Particle modding (page does not exist)")
*   [Shader modding](/index.php?title=Shader_modding&action=edit&redlink=1 "Shader modding (page does not exist)")

### General

*   Convert all listed formula into LaTeX formatted math mode.
*   Where possible link common redlinks to appropriate pages/sections [Special:WantedPages](/Special:WantedPages "Special:WantedPages")

Ongoing tasks
-------------

Apart from personal projects and goal-specific tasks, the wiki will also always need a hand with the following:

### Authorial/content generation

*   Create the articles in [Special:WantedPages](/Special:WantedPages "Special:WantedPages") or in [Project:Administration#Common searches](/Europa_Universalis_4_Wiki:Administration#Common_searches "Europa Universalis 4 Wiki:Administration")
*   Address issues in articles of the following categories:
    *   [Category:Stubs](/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs") - **0** page(s).
    *   [Category:Expand](/Category:Expand "Category:Expand") - **31** page(s).
    *   [Category:Potentially outdated](/Category:Potentially_outdated "Category:Potentially outdated") - **1127** page(s).
    *   [Category:Rewrite](/Category:Rewrite "Category:Rewrite") - **0** page(s).
    *   [Category:Needs strategy guide](/Category:Needs_strategy_guide "Category:Needs strategy guide") - **140** page(s).
    *   [Category:Verification needed](/Category:Verification_needed "Category:Verification needed") - **0** page(s).

### Editorial

*   Improve the [quality of pages](/Category:Articles_by_quality "Category:Articles by quality") that are not A-class, especially those that are Stub or Start-class
*   Improve the formatting/readability of existing articles
*   Improve upon pages which require [copy editing](/Category:Need_copy_editing "Category:Need copy editing") - **0** page(s).
*   Tidy up pages where a [clean up](/Category:Need_editing "Category:Need editing") is requested - **1** page(s).
*   Add internal links to other articles where relevant
*   Add images to existing articles where relevant
*   Maintain the `{{[Country navbox](/Template:Country_navbox "Template:Country navbox")}}` and `{{[Achievement navbox](/Template:Achievement_navbox "Template:Achievement navbox")}}` boxes with up to date content

### Administrative

*   Merge two similar articles in [Category:To be merged](/Category:To_be_merged "Category:To be merged") - **0** page(s).

1.  [↑](#cite_ref-1 "Jump up") see /Europa Universalis IV/common/estate\_crown\_land/00\_interactions.txt and /Europa Universalis IV/common/scripted\_effects/01\_scripted\_effects\_for\_estates.txt

Retrieved from "[https://eu4.paradoxwikis.com/index.php?title=Europa\_Universalis\_4\_Wiki:Work\_needed&oldid=154872](https://eu4.paradoxwikis.com/index.php?title=Europa_Universalis_4_Wiki:Work_needed&oldid=154872)"

[Category](/Special:Categories "Special:Categories"):

*   [Wiki](/Category:Wiki "Category:Wiki")